Final review (#2)
vcstuff/credential-profile-comparison: README.md

Apart form the common properties, the matrix provides information for the signature algorithm on hardware support and unlinkability. These properties will be described in the following sections.

#### Recognition by Government Organizations
For regulated usecases, the national regulation agencies provide a list of recommended and accepted cryptographic algorithms, e.g. BSI TR-2102 or NIST-published Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 186-5, Digital Signature Standard (DSS). This property describes whether the designated signature algorithm is recommended by national government agencies.

#### Hardware Support

> Hardware support is required for regulated and high-security use cases to prevent credential/key duplication and theft. Existing hardware stores to sign inside the smartphones are Trusted Execution Environments (TEE), Secure Enclaves, Secure Elements (SE) and Embedded Universal Integrated Circuit Cards (eUICC), external authenticators and more. In the backend, HSMs (Hardware Security Modules) or TPMs (Trusted Platform Modules) can be used by issuers or cloud wallets to secure the keys. The hardware-backed crypto processors often support only a limited set of established signature algorithms, therefore the use of modern cyrptography algorithms is limited for these use cases.

Reviewer: TPMs exists on Desktop computers, too. 

```suggestion
Hardware support is required for regulated and high-security use cases to prevent key duplication and theft and with that credential replay. Existing hardware modules to sign inside the smartphones are Trusted Execution Environments (TEE), Secure Enclaves, Secure Elements (SE), TPMs (Trusted Platform Modules), and Embedded Universal Integrated Circuit Cards (eUICC), external authenticators and more. In the backend, HSMs (Hardware Security Modules) or TPMs (Trusted Platform Modules) can be used by issuers or cloud wallets to secure the keys. The hardware-backed crypto processors often support only a limited set of established signature algorithms, therefore the use of modern cryptography algorithms is limited for these use cases.
```
